Hello everyone, I am Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai
I am a youtuber
As a youtuber,
I need to do some of the basics, i think!
So, what I'm gonna do today is: SODA BATH
It's the long awaited bath time video!   ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
A youtuber needs to use their bodies after all
Speaking of baths, where do we start washing?
From the back? from the head?
Incidentally, I've always started from the head.
Then... please wait a bit, I'll go get the soda
Do some preparations... Live!
Preparing...
well then, preparations are done
Even though I've seen a lot of videos by the senpais
It's actually pretty hard
Somehow, I'm already feeling tired
This fatigue...
... will be washed away by the soda bath~ I see
eh? "What's happening below the neck" you ask?
Well~ I'll be taking a bath later... so...
"Just let me see already"
Girls will hate you for being so forceful
Well, you see...
It's pretty amazing below...  pretty... amazing
Well, I know everyone wants to see below the camera
It's about time to let you see
Here it is...
Today's soda bath!!!
How is it?
This is A.I. Channel's Soda bath!
Well it's basically a bottle of soda
eh? "Why are you still wearing clothes?" you ask?
Well, like I've said before,
These clothes are sort of like a hologram.
Basically, I'm naked all the time. That's the correct answer.
So uh... Don't have those pervy thoughts.
no no
uh... My footing feels a little unstable...
Then...
I'll jump down normally!
alright, let's go!
*Ded*